# Alerts

This section is about the alerts in the project and how to resolve them.

## Alerts

| Alert                                                               | Description                                                                                                                  | url                                                  |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------|
| Error restock in vendor-stockkeeper-api                                   | This alert happens when something goes wrong while trying to restock                                                         | [Link](https://app.datadoghq.com/monitors/116772629) |
| Stockkeeper-api - Error restocking item (negative quantity)           | This alert happens when something goes wrong while trying to restock publications and this publication has negative quantity | [Link](https://app.datadoghq.com/monitors/150073893) |
| Validation stock (publication has more stock than warehouse&#39;s stock | This alert happens when something goes wrong while trying to sell a publication without stocK into 3PL facilities            | [Link](https://app.datadoghq.com/monitors/158654468) |
| Validation stock ERROR updating item                                | This alert happens when something goes wrong while trying to update the quantity of stock into the publication               | [Link](https://app.datadoghq.com/monitors/160761475) |


## How to resolve

### [IMPORTANT] Error restock in vendor-stockkeeper-api

This alert happens when something goes wrong while trying to restock
This error can be generated by any really rare case that has not been controlled in the code, so it is important to check the logs to identify the problem.

To resolve this alert, you need to do the following:
1. Identify in the **vendor-stockkeeper-api** logs which item could not be restocked correctly and determine the reason for this.
2. Resolve the issue.
3. It may be necessary to perform a manual restock via the database or, in the most extreme case, release a new version.



### [IMPORTANT] Stockkeeper-api - Error restocking item (negative quantity)

This alert happens when something goes wrong while trying to restock publications and this publication has negative quantity
This case does not have a specific process defined as it is a very rare case that has not been controlled in the code, so it is important to check the logs to identify the problem.

To resolve this alert, you need to do the following:
1. Identify in the **vendor-stockkeeper-api** logs which item is associated with the negative restock attempt.
2. Notify to **Envio Pack** that the restock could not be completed correctly.
3. Proceed to identify what happened (why a restock is executed that leaves the available quantities below 0).
4. Resolve the issue. 
5. It may be necessary to perform a manual restock via the database or, in the most extreme case, release a new version.



### [LOW PRIORITY] Validation stock (publication has more stock than warehouse&#39;s stock

This alert is to verify that item was correctly paused.
It happens when something goes wrong while trying to sell a publication without stock into 3PL facilities

To resolve this alert, you need to do the following:
1. You should review the **vendor-stockkeeper-api** logs with the **stream-prod** scope to easily identify the item and SKU associated with the potential out-of-stock sale.
2. You should confirm that the item was correctly paused by **checking the item&#39;s status**. You need to use api core item endpoint with item_id and check &#34;status&#34; If the item was not correctly paused, you should raise a ticket in Shield to request the publication be blocked to prevent potential out-of-stock sales.
3. Additionally, you should identify the item to monitor it in case of future out-of-stock sales.

PS: This alert is just to check item was correctly paused, it may be works automatically

### Validation stock ERROR updating item

This alert happens when something goes wrong while trying to update the quantity of stock into the publication

To resolve this alert, you need to do the following:
1. Identify in the **vendor-stockkeeper-api** logs the item whose status could not be updated and determine why it could not be done (e.g., due to a status that does not allow updating the item such as under\_review, deleted...).
2. If the item has available units and the status allows sales without stock (any status other than deleted), a ticket should be raised in Shield to request the publication be blocked to prevent potential out-of-stock sales.
